README.md, before:

# FourthYearProject
An Intelligent Accompanist System for Classical Music


Michael Lo and Joshua Free's Engineering part four project

### Build Status
Master [![Build Status](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject.svg?token=Y4CqoqssvV45tBA9C2v1&branch=master)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject)

Develop [![Build Status](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject.svg?token=Y4CqoqssvV45tBA9C2v1&branch=develop)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject)

### Project Description

The proposed project seeks to develop an intelligent accompanist system for classical music.

More about scope investigations, project development and decisions can be found in the [project wiki](https://github.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject/wiki)

### Compile Instructions
#### Linux
To build you need to install the package libasound2-dev, and run `make` from the terminal in the folder Project/Builds/Linux.

The output will be a VST plugin (.so on Linux) that can be used in any modern DAW.

#### Windows
To build on Windows, open the project found in Project/Builds/Visual Studio 2013.

The output will be a VST plugin (.dll on Windows) that can be used in any modern DAW.

Commit message:

Updated Readme file (still needs to be completed)
Have added TODO notes, not sure if anything else needs to be added

README.md, after:

# FourthYearProject
An Intelligent Accompanist System for Classical Music


Michael Lo and Joshua Free's Engineering part four project

### Build Status
Master [![Build Status](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject.svg?token=Y4CqoqssvV45tBA9C2v1&branch=master)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject)

Develop [![Build Status](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject.svg?token=Y4CqoqssvV45tBA9C2v1&branch=develop)](https://magnum.travis-ci.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject)

### Project Description
The proposed project seeks to develop an intelligent accompanist system for classical music.

More about scope investigations, project development and decisions made can be found in the [project wiki](https://github.com/joshofreeness/FourthYearProject/wiki)

### Compile Instructions
#### Windows
To build on Windows, open the project found in Project/Builds/Visual Studio 2013.

The output will be a VST plugin (.dll file on Windows). Currently, only Cantabile 1.2 is supported (Download link can be found [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20080109234626/http://www.toptensoftware.com/downloads/Cantabile12LiteSetup.exe), but you are welcome to try it on any other DAW.

#### Linux
To build you need to install the package libasound2-dev, and run `make` from the terminal in the folder Project/Builds/Linux.

The output will be a VST plugin (.so file on Linux).

#### Mac OS
TODO: TALK ABOUT HOW WE CAN'T GET IT TO COMPILE, BUT IN A WAY THAT DOESN'T MAKE US SOUND INCOMPETENT
particularly how it has never compiled, not even the auto-produced empty Juce project

### Usage Instructions
#### Windows
If Visual Studio 2013 is not installed, you will need to manually find copies of the following files: 
TODO: LIST THE DLLs

Select the plugin in your host DAW, and use the provided MIDI file to supply the beat (or create your own).
TODO: ADD SCREENSHOTS

Set up a MIDI synthesiser/digital instrument, and route the plugin's output into it.
TODO: MORE SCREENSHOTS (I think you don't actually need to do anything in Cantabile though, make a note of that)

Start the beat track to begin producing output.
